#Macro Reference

*Note that with Alchemic macros, when a macro needs a selector, it just accepts the actual raw selector. So `init` instead of `@selector(init)`. The same goes for where classes are needed - `NSObject` instead of `[NSObject class]`, and protocols - `NSCopying` instead of `@protocol(NSCopying)`. The reason for this is that it saves you from having to type stuff it that Alchemic can work out for itself, and it also helps to keep the code more readable.*

Macro | Description
--- | ---
`AcRegister(...)` | Registers a class as a singleton or factory. Accepts `AcWithName`, `AcIsFactory` and `AcIsPrimary` macros.
`AcInitializer(selector, ...)` | Use instead of `AcRegister` to declare the initializer used to instantiate an object. `selector` is the initializer selector. If the initializer selector has arguments, then `AcArg` macros can be passed in the same order as the arguments to define the values for them.<br /><br />If all the remaining arguments for the selector are to be passed nil values then there is no need to specify `AcArg` macros for them. Alchemic will auto-set any extra arguments with nils.<br /><br />Also takes all the same macros as `AcRegister` for defining the class's attributes.
`AcMethod(returnType, selector, ...)` | Defines a method that will be used to generate objects. `returnType` is the class of the object that will be returned. This is used when Alchemic is looking for candidates for an injection. `selector` is the method selector. If the selector has arguments, then `AcArg` macros can be passed in the same order as the arguments to define the values for them.<br /><br />If all the remaining arguments for the selector are to be passed nil values then there is no need to specify `AcArg` macros for them. Alchemic will auto-set any extra arguments with nils.<br /><br />Also takes all the same macros as `AcRegister` for defining the class's attributes.
`AcArg(returnType, ...)` | Defines a single argument for a selector. `returnType` is the class of the argument value. once potential values have been located, this is used to derive the final value for the argument. 
`AcIsFactory` | Can be used as an argument to a `AcRegister`, `AcInitializer` or `AcMethod` macros. Indicates that the class or method is a factory and should create a new object every time one is requested.
`AcIsPrimary` | Can be used as an argument to a `AcRegister`, `AcInitializer` or `AcMethod` macros. Indicates that when there are multiple candidates for a dependency, that this builder should be given priority over those without the primary attribute.
`AcWithName(@"name")` | Can be used as an argument to a `AcRegister`, `AcInitializer` or `AcMethod` macros. Defines a custom name to associate with the builder. By default Alchemic uses `ClassName` for class builders and `ClassName methodName:` for method builders and initializers.
`AcInject(variable, ...)` | Identifies a variables to be injected. `variable` is the name of the variable to be set in the object. This can be the internal variable name or the name of a property. If only the variable name is given then Alchemic will use it's type to identify candidate builders to supply values. Otherwise you can use `AcValue` or `AcName` or a combination of `AcClass`, `AcProtocol` to indentify the candidates.
`AcClass(class)` | Used by `AcInject` and `AcArg` macros to define a search criteria for finding builders where the builder's class is the same or a parent class. `class` is the class to search for. Only one `AcClass` macro can be specified.
`AcProtocol(protocol)` | Used by `AcInject` and `AcArg` macros to define a search criteria for finding builders where the builder's class conforms to the protocol. `protocol` is the protocol to check for. Any number of `AcProtocol` macros can be used.
`AcName(@"name")` | Used by `AcInject` and `AcArg` macros to define a search criteria for finding builders where the builder's name matches the `name` argument. If `AcName` is used then it must be the only macro present.
`AcValue(value)` | Used by `AcInject` and `AcArg` macros to set a constant value for the injection or method argument. If `AcValue` is used then it must be the only macro present. A `nil` value may also be specified to pass a nil value.
`AcInjectDependencies(object)` | Call to programmatically trigger injection on the passed `object`. A builder with the matching class will be located to handle the injections. Which will be done without effecting any current value that the builder is holding.
`id obj = AcGet(returnType, ...)` | Effectively similar to `AcInject`. `returnType` is the class of the object to be returned. If only the return type is given then Alchemic will use it to identify candidate builders to supply values. Otherwise you can use `AcName` or a combination of `AcClass`, `AcProtocol` to indentify the candidates which will supply objects to be returned.
`id obj = AcInvoke(methodLocator, ...)` | Locates and executes a method or initializer builder, returning the object it produces. This macro will execute the builder, passing a separate set of values for any method arguments. It does not change or effect any arguments specified with the `AcMethod` or `AcInitializer` macros and does not change the builder's current value.<br/><br/>Typically `methodLocator` is a `AcName` macro which will locate a specific builder. However you can use `AcClass` or `AcProtocol` instead. Any following values are used as arguments to the found builder's method. Note that these are actual values, not macros. <br/><br/>If more than one builder is returned, it is assumed that the method arguments can be passed to all the builders returned and they will all be executed.
`AcExecuteWhenStarted(^{ ... });` | Stores a block that will be executed once Alchemic has finished starting up and loading all registered singletons. If Alchemic is already started then the block is executed immediately.